[16.0] [ADD]  hr_timesheet_editable_top (#695)
OCA/timesheet: hr_timesheet_activity_edit_top/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> Add new activity from the top of the list. This is useful when quickly adding new timesheet entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add new timesheet entries on the top of the list instead of on the bottom. This is useful when quickly adding new timesheet entries.
```
